Update osTicket to 1.17, PHP to 8.1, plugin-related updates (#38)
devinsolutions/docker-osticket: README.md

Note (2): osTicket automatically redirects `http://localhost:8080/scp` to `http://localhost/scp/`.
Either serve this on port 80 or don't omit the trailing slash after `scp/`!

# Upgrading

## Upgrading from image tag 1.16.3 or earlier

There are breaking changes in images tagged 1.17.0 and later, related to how plugins are shipped.
When upgrading from image tag 1.16.3 or earlier, and plugins are used on the installation, manual
intervention may be required.

Breaking changes are:

- Plugins `auth-oauth` and `auth-cas` are no longer included in this image. Plugin `auth-oauth` was
  superseded by a new plugin `auth-oauth2`.
- Plugins are no longer installed as directories. Instead, they are installed as `.phar` archives.

Manual upgrade steps:

> 1. As a precaution (as before any upgrade), perform a full DB backup.
> 2. If you are using one of the auth plugins that are no longer available in this image, and want to
>   migrate to `auth-oauth2`:
> 
>   - Before upgrading, create a temporary user with Admin privileges that can authenticate via
>     username/password.
>   - If you can remove the old plugin now, do so. If that's not possible, we will remove it later,
>     but those steps are more difficult.
>   - Switch to tag 1.17.0
>   - Login, and run the osTicket upgrader.
>   - Setup the `auth-oauth2` plugin.
>   - If you haven't removed the old plugin previously, let's do so now. Since it is not present in
>     the image, it will show as "(defunct — missing)". Attempting to remove it will lead to Error
>     500, as the removal process requires the plugin to be present. We will have to remove it from
>     the DB manually.
> 
>     - Open a shell to `MariaDB` / `MySQL` osTicket database.
>     - List contents of the `ost_plugin` table (`SELECT * FROM ost_plugin;`).
>     - Delete the missing plugin: `DELETE FROM ost_plugin WHERE id=<id>;` (replace `<id>` with the
>       one corresponding to the plugin to be removed).
> 
> 3. Switch to tag 1.17.0 (if you skipped step 2).
> 4. If you are using any of `audit` `auth-2fa` `auth-ldap` `auth-passthru` `auth-password-policy`
>   `storage-fs` or `storage-s3` plugins:
> 
>   - These are no longer installed as folders but are installed as `.phar`s. We need to update
>     osTicket database so that entry in the plugins table points to the new location.
>   - Open a shell to `MariaDB` / `MySQL` osTicket database.
>   - List contents of the `ost_plugin` table (`SELECT * FROM ost_plugin;`)
>   - If any of the plugins mentioned above are installed, for each one do:
>     `UPDATE ost_plugin SET install_path="<original-path>.phar", isphar=1 WHERE id=<id>;`
>     (replace `<original-path>` and `<id>` by values from `install_path` and `id` columns. For
>     example, for plugin installed as `id` 3, with install path `plugins/auth-passthru`, the `UPDATE`
>     statement will be
>     `UPDATE ost_plugin SET install_path="plugins/auth-passthru.phar", isphar=1 WHERE id=3;`
>     )
> 
> 5. Run the osTicket upgrader (if you skipped step 2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. As a precaution (as before any upgrade), perform a full DB backup.
 2. If you are using one of the auth plugins that are no longer available in this image, and want to
    migrate to `auth-oauth2`:

    - Before upgrading, create a temporary user with Admin privileges that can authenticate via
      username/password.
    - If you can remove the old plugin now, do so. If that's not possible, we will remove it later,
      but those steps are more difficult.
    - Switch to tag 1.17.0
    - Log in, and run the osTicket upgrader.
    - Set up the `auth-oauth2` plugin.
    - If you haven't removed the old plugin previously, let's do so now. Since it is not present in
      the image, it will show as "(defunct — missing)". Attempting to remove it will lead to Error
      500, as the removal process requires the plugin to be present. We will have to remove it from
      the DB manually.

    - Open a shell to `MariaDB` / `MySQL` osTicket database.
    - List contents of the `ost_plugin` table (`SELECT * FROM ost_plugin;`).
    - Delete the missing plugin: `DELETE FROM ost_plugin WHERE id=<id>;` (replace `<id>` with the
      one corresponding to the plugin to be removed).

 3. Switch to tag 1.17.0 (if you skipped step 2).
 4. If you are using any of `audit` `auth-2fa` `auth-ldap` `auth-passthru` `auth-password-policy`
    `storage-fs` or `storage-s3` plugins:

    - These are no longer installed as folders but are installed as `.phar`s. We need to update
      osTicket database so that entry in the plugins table points to the new location.
    - Open a shell to `MariaDB` / `MySQL` osTicket database.
    - List contents of the `ost_plugin` table (`SELECT * FROM ost_plugin;`)
    - If any of the plugins mentioned above are installed, for each one do:
      `UPDATE ost_plugin SET install_path="<original-path>.phar", isphar=1 WHERE id=<id>;`
      (replace `<original-path>` and `<id>` by values from `install_path` and `id` columns. For
      example, for plugin installed as `id` 3, with install path `plugins/auth-passthru`, the `UPDATE`
      statement will be
      `UPDATE ost_plugin SET install_path="plugins/auth-passthru.phar", isphar=1 WHERE id=3;`
      )

 5. Run the osTicket upgrader (if you skipped step 2).
```
